what's up guys today I'm bringing you a
novel pairings video and I want to
apologize before we begin about how
should this video could be because I am
running our place to talk about to help
me in the comment section below also
moving before I begin I want to talk
about the frequently asked questions
everyday I have to answer this so maybe
our if I answer in the video no one will
ask me ever again
so ei have decided to bring the season
ticket to ps3 in Europe and this is
awesome to hear because it's gonna save
a lot of us a lot of money when we're
opening packs but moving on everyone's
asking when the hell is it going to be
released and EA did say early September
so I'm assuming since the PlayStation
Store in Europe always updates on
Wednesdays it means it's either gonna be
released on the 5th of September or the
12th that for me is early September so
even the 5th or the 12th because the
only updates on Wednesdays that is all I
have and also a lot of you are asking me
how much is this EA season ticket gonna
be I'm assuming compared to 360 in
Europe the season ticket is gonna be
around 15 to 20 pounds if you're asking
me is definitely worth it just for the
20% of packs anyway moving on to this
week's plays let's see who we have this
week first up we have mass chrono he is
86 and why is he 86 just because he
plays for Barcelona anyway I don't think
this man right here deserves 86
definitely a downgrade to at least 84 85
he is an awesome center defensive
midfielder don't get me wrong but he
hasn't done anything this season to
maintain that 86 rating let me know what
you think about him and moving on
Davidge vir I want to talk about lost
dinner thali this man is so awesome he's
34 years old he's nearly 35 in two
months and he has been just superb he's
been really consistent he still has the
pace has the shooing everything and he
did he had actually good tournament in
euros he played against Spain school to
go as soon as he came on but that is
pretty much it for the euros the manager
didn't play him that much anyway he also
was the top goalscorer two years ago
at Syria and this lost season he was the
third top goal scorer so this man after
a fool still has everything he is a
really consistent striker and I hope he
does get upgraded say at least 87 next
up we have hazard and this man had an
awesome Ligue 1 season seriously
he had the goals he had the assist I
think it was one of the top signings for
the Premier League all of it well it
depends actually because the transfer
window hasn't even closed but for now he
is the top signing for the Premier
League for any team seriously he has
been the best deal ever for any team
right now and he is running the show at
Chelsea right now with like go and a
couple of assists seriously playmaker
striker what else do you want top top
player
I don't even support Chelsea but he
makes them entertaining to watch hope
you guys enjoyed this video actually
what the am I talking about anyway
that fear completely forgot by him 88
awesome player seriously I love this
strike war he's a winger now boy I love
him and but the thing I want to talk
about is EA now EA had Diego Milito in
FIFA 11 at 86 overall but because he was
injured they brought him down to 81 just
because he was injured and he was out
for a couple of months now David Villa
is the same gonna be happening to him
is he gonna be brought down to I don't
know five ratings
it seems pretty hard for EA to do to
Diego Milito but don't you think it's
only fair for David Villa to be read the
same even though it seems very harsh for
the average via to be read around 83
overall definitely deserves 88 overall
that's that's definite but what do you
guys think EA should do in this soft
situation
hope you guys enjoyed this video let me
know what you think of this place and as
usual I hope you have a very nice day